Add React SDK's `wrapCreateMemoryRouterVX` docs. (#12309)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/react/features/react-router/v6.mdx

To ensure proper routing instrumentation, initialize Sentry by calling `Sentry.init` **before**:
- Wrapping your `<Routes />` component
- Using `useRoutes`
- Using `wrapCreateBrowserRouterV6` or `wrapCreateMemoryRouterV6`

</Alert>

### Usage with `createBrowserRouter` or `createMemoryRouter`

If you choose to create your router instance with [`createBrowserRouter`](https://reactrouter.com/en/main/routers/create-browser-router) or [`createMemoryRouter`](https://reactrouter.com/en/main/routers/create-memory-router), you can use `Sentry.wrapCreateBrowserRouterV6` or `Sentry.wrapCreateMemoryRouterV6` to wrap it with the instrumentation:

<Alert level="warning" title="Note">

> `wrapCreateMemoryRouterV6` is available from `@sentry/react` version `8.49.0`. For versions prior to `8.49.0`, you can use `wrapCreateBrowserRouterV6` with `createMemoryRouter`.

Reviewer: > you can use `wrapCreateBrowserRouterV6` with `createMemoryRouter`.

is that true actually?

Author: Yes, we were recommending that prior to this update. (Without the support of `initialEntries` though)

Reviewer: Ah right, for some reason I thought it was completely broken. I would maybe rephrase this so it is more specific as to what to do:

```suggestion
`wrapCreateMemoryRouterV6` was introduced in SDK version 8.49.0. Prior to that version, we suggested using `wrapCreateBrowserRouterV6` with `createMemoryRouter`. If you are currently using `wrapCreateBrowserRouterV6` to wrap `createMemoryRouter`, it is recommended that you use `wrapCreateMemoryRouterV6` instead.
```

Reads horribly though 😂
